feat(v8): Update node docs for v8 (#9906)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/connect/index.mdx

  - server
---

<PlatformContent includePath="getting-started-primer" />

> This guide explains how to setup Sentry in your Connect application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide explains how to set up Sentry in your Connect application.
```
